At a hospital,                                                                      
                                                                                    
       UNKNOWN PERSON                                                               
       Doctor, how's the lady now?                                                  
                                                                                    
       DOCTOR                                                                       
       Although her hand was damaged severely, she survived, for now. We kept her   
       unconcious to buy us some time. We'll try to move her to the special wing    
       as soon as possible.                                                         
                                                                                    
       UNKNOWN PERSON                                                               
       Hmmm. Make sure she is safe along with others.                               
                                                                                    
Another case of severe injury. No one knows how long it is going to be like this.   
All of it started back in 2018.                                                     
                                                                                    
IIRUS. Incognitive Individual Reality Under Siege.                                  
An unknown epidemic became a disastrous pandemic.                                   
                                                                                    
After breakout of IIRUS, affected people started to see augmented reality created   
by someone unknown taking full control over their mind. Within a month, a huge      
amount of injury cases as well as death cases were reported.                        
                                                                                    
Research found out, it is due to a virus-like carbon nanobot installed inside the   
brain of the victim and spread by touch.The nanobots are connected with each other  
through a dark network resulting in ability to see others augmented reality as well.
Only way to cure this is to quarantine the victim and break the network from inside.
                                                                                    
A year later, a modified IIRUS was implemented by the research team to connect      
with the network although the risk still remains of being manipulated. It worked    
successfully. A dedicated hacker team was formed hiring specialized hackers along   
with me to find and destroy the trace of the network connected with individuals     
and locate the root of all this massacre.                                           
                                                                                    
(phone ringing)                                                                     
                                                                                    
       UNKNOWN PERSON                                                               
       Hello, Spectre speaking... Yeah... I'm coming.                               