     NHAQ                                                                       
     (startled) Guys, did you notice something?                                 
                                                                                
     SPECTRE                                                                    
     What happened?                                                             
                                                                                
     MRIDHA                                                                     
     (realizing) The surrounding! The reality is warping around us!             
                                                                                
     SPECTRE                                                                    
     Don't move. Stay still. Let's see what happens.                            
                                                                                
The surrounding changes into a mansion like structure. We are in the middle of a
room surrounded by doors. There are some doors that are open but, at this point,
every step is valuable. Anything augmented that happens in the IIRUS net        
resembling any real life scenario has the same effect as the reality itself.    
So, no rush decisions.                                                          
                                                                                
     NHAQ                                                                       
     According to the phase reading, current threat isn't much big. I think we  
     should try to find a way to get out of here.                               
                                                                                
     MRIDHA                                                                     
     Yeah, I agree with NHAQ.                                                   
                                                                                
     SPECTRE                                                                    
     But we have to do it carefully. The mansion might be a trap.               
                                                                                
     FOX                                                                        
     I think we should split up and inform finding a safe passage to get out of 
     here.                                                                      
                                                                                
     SPECTRE                                                                    
     Hmmm. Let's see where the doors lead to.                                   