In a moment everything went blank around me as if it was a tv screen. The blank 
lasted for a few seconds. Then it all started to become normal again.           
                                                                                
But something doesn't seem right.                                               
                                                                                
I can somehow see my thoughts merge with the reality around me. The environment 
glitches from time to time creating an illusion of reality.                     
                                                                                
After a while, the environment became stable and I could move freely inside the 
augmented reality.                                                              
                                                                                
     NHAQ                                                                       
     Communication panel activated. Is the panel visible?                       
                                                                                
     SPECTRE                                                                    
     Yeah, it's visible.                                                        
                                                                                
     RESEARCH HEAD                                                              
     Spectre, all good?                                                         
                                                                                
     SPECTRE                                                                    
     Yeah.                                                                      
                                                                                
     RESEARCH HEAD                                                              
     Hmmm. The remote linkers are working perfectly. Good work everyone.        
                                                                                
So this is the IIRUS net.                                                       