          You need to make every single piece of the target row & collum filled with same 
          type of piece. You can choose any piece to make the pattern. But you have to do 
          it within a certain number of moves.                                            
                                                                                          
          The '>' sign says which row you are on where 'v' shows which collum.  To change 
          row number, you need to press up and down key while for collum, left and right  
          key. Each of these action will be counted as a movement.                        
                                                                                          
          To switch from row to collum or collum to row, you need to press 'space' key.   
          It won't be counted as a move.                                                  
                                                                                          
          To select a row or column you are currently on, you need to press 'enter'.      
          It won't be counted as a move as well.                                          
                                                                                          
          Once a row is selected, you need to press left or right key to move every object
          of the selected row to left and right respectively. Same goes to for column but 
          with up and down key. It won't be counted as a move.                            
                                                                                          
          To deselect a selected row or collum, you need to press 'enter' again.          
                                                                                          
          Once matching is done, press 'enter' to deselect the row or collum and you will 
          automatically be successful in that turn.                                       
                                                                                          
          You need to match the pattern as directed for a certain amount of time with     
          reduced max movement in every turn to hack the security system.                 