(loud crashing noise)                                                           
                                                                                
     SPECTRE                                                                    
     (panting heavily) Damn. That was close. Everyone, respond.                 
                                                                                
     MRIDHA                                                                     
     I'm fine some how. But FOX got injured while running out. I think we       
     should send him back for medic.                                            
                                                                                
     SPECTRE                                                                    
     Hmmm. I'll call the support team. What about NHAQ?                         
                                                                                
     NHAQ                                                                       
     I'm alive.                                                                 
                                                                                
     SPECTRE                                                                    
     Good to know. The headquarters just sent in a map of some densely affected 
     area based on individual complaints and reports. We are going to head there
     after sending FOX back.                                                    
                                                                                
     NHAQ                                                                       
     Okay. I'll check the map co-ordinates and phase readings of the areas.     
                                                                                
When the medic team arrived, we handed FOX over to them. His injury is not that 
severe but we cannot take any risk in this case.                                
                                                                                
     SPECTRE                                                                    
     Okay then. What is the state of those areas?                               
                                                                                
     NHAQ                                                                       
     I guess some of areas are heavily swarmed with glitroids according to the  
     phase reading. Not sure if it will be a good to search those areas without 
     enough equipments.                                                         
                                                                                
Glitroids are the augmented deformed beings that reside inside the IIRUS net.   
Whoever is consumed by a glitroid loses existence, from both world.             