The other day, residence server was compromised by a breach which is unusual. 
The security team didn't find any trace of meddling with the system. It is    
speculated that the bug might have entered while storing the data from the    
external server and resided inside the system without causing any harm for a  
long time until it attacked. Also, it was probably hiding in the guise of     
residential data making it hard to determine it's presence.                   
                                                                              
But that is just an assumption. I need to check.                              
                                                                              
At the headquarters (staff area),                                             
                                                                              
     SPECTRE                                                                  
     NHAQ, did you find anything about the last incident?                     
                                                                              
     NHAQ                                                                     
     No. As the security experts already checked, I didn't look into it       
     that much.                                                               
                                                                              
     SPECTRE                                                                  
     Did anything look unusual?                                               
                                                                              
     NHAQ                                                                     
     About that. The residence network is not usually accessed by any external
     net. But a day before, it was connected with the STEM data serever. When 
     I asked the experts, they said it was for security purpose and the bug   
     was there way before that. But I'm not sure about that.                  
                                                                              
STEM data server is the controlling server residing underground of the        
headquarters. The security experts usually handles that area.                 
                                                                              
     SPECTRE                                                                  
     (intense look on face) Hmmm. I'll look into it.                          
                                                                              
     NHAQ                                                                     
     Hmmm. You should. I think there is something more to it.                 