At the residential area,                                                              
                                                                                      
Job done. Let's see what info I got in my hands.                                      
                                                                                      
Some of the server computer had a built-in protocol which doesn't look like a security
protocol. The built-in software is designed carefully so that it can bypass the       
security system easily.                                                               
                                                                                      
Wait a minute. What's this? Its like a digital signature or something.                
                                                                                      
Can it be... Hmmm... So that's the case...                                            
                                                                                      
Let's wait for tomorrow.                                                              
                                                                                      
(the next day)                                                                        
                                                                                      
At the headquarters (conference hall),                                                
                                                                                      
     SPECTRE                                                                          
     Sorry for the sudden call of a meeting. I need to show something to all of you.  
                                                                                      
     RESEARCH HEAD                                                                    
     Hmmm. Go on.                                                                     
                                                                                      
     SPECTRE                                                                          
     First of all, I apologize for the intrusion in the STEM server room.             
                                                                                      
     RESEARCH HEAD                                                                    
     What? I told you to stay out of it.                                              
                                                                                      
     SPECTRE                                                                          
     I know but hear me out first. While checking the server computers I found        
     an illegal protocol installed in some of the computers.                          
                                                                                      
     ASSISTANT RESEARCHER 1                                                           
     An illegal protocol?                                                             